Liv:  Previously on izombie...
-You're going to get me
the brain of alan york.
-The astronaut?
Boss! They're gone.
All my orders.
I wasn't crazy.
These coolers are
full of brains.
Zombies are real, liv.
I'm gonna kill them all.
It is like a cult
over there at max rager.
It's this secret report that
max rager had these seriously
dangerous side effects.
Your product kills people
and you know it.
The memo does exist.
It'll bring max rager
to its knees.
Well, look who takes a lickin'
and keeps on tickin'.
-(car playing loud rock music)
-(brakes screeching)
Oh, my god. Oh, my god.
Oh, my god. Oh, my god...
What the hell?
He came out of nowhere!
Everything comes out of
nowhere when your headlights
are off, dumbass!
-Hey, man, you okay?
-Does he look frickin'
okay, nate?
Okay.
I kind of learned cpr
at seeds of faith camp.
Somebody needs to do
chest compressions to the
beat of  all for the best
From godspell.
Go check his pulse.
Yeah. Let me just rub
my dna all over him.
I think not.
(groans)
(clears throat)
(whimpers)
Mmm-mmm.
Son of a bitch...
(sobbing) oh, my god.
We totally killed him.
He's dead.
-No, it was an accident.
-Yeah.
An accident
in which someone died,
cameron,
While we were stoned
out of our minds
and driving a stolen car.
I'm not going to prison.
Have you seen
orange is the new black?
I'm not taking a shower
wearing tampon sandals.
What the hell are we gonna do?
We can never tell anyone
about this.
Ever.
Not your therapist.
Not your priest.
Not your future na sponsor.
No one.
Tonight never happened.
Say it.
All: Tonight never happened.
Guys...
Shouldn't we put
something on the grave?
Like a little...
Cross made out of
twigs or something?
How about a neon sign
that says, "buried dead body."
We could leave our
drivers licenses on it, idiot.
I'm not like you.
I'm a good person.
(sobbing) and the only
reason why i'm actually
agreeing to this
Is because my dad just
had his gallbladder removed
And there's no way
he can handle
the stress right now.
Nate, i don't care if she's
the bang of the century.
This chick has to go.
(all gasping)
-(screaming)
-(neck cracks)
(cracking)
(dog barking)
Heel!
Rufus!
Come here, roof.
(clapping)
Rufus.
(theme song playing)
The late olivia moore.
Sorry. I got hung up.
So, multiple victims or
victim in multiple pieces?
(sighs) the latter.
We've already identified
her as kimber cooper.
She was a cheerleader from
doc maynard high school.
She went missing
a couple of weeks ago.
She was supposed
to attend a church lock-in,
but never showed.
I heard about this
missing girl.
She went to my old
high school. My brother
evan's a junior there.
Did he know her?
Only in the way that every boy
knows the prettiest girl
in high school.
So, from afar, yet intimately.
The first officers
at the scene noticed
a shallow grave nearby.
We were thinking an animal
dug up her remains.
I wouldn't be so sure,
look at that arm.
We'll know more when we
get her back to the morgue.
All right,
call me as soon as you've
got something.
Her arm was severed
perimortem.
And there's no dirt
in her nose or mouth.
And you didn't feel like
sharing that with clive
because...
Not only was kimber's body
ripped apart, her skull
was cracked open.
It's missing a good deal
of brain matter.
You think she was killed
by a zombie?
It's a possibility.
I don't think
i can take this anymore.
This is way out of control.
We don't know for sure.
Let's do a thorough
examination before we panic.
Major showed up
at my apartment this morning
With five yellow coolers
filled with brains.
He stole them out of
the back of this car
that was parked
Behind some place
called meat cute.
It's like a butcher shop
or something.
He thinks it's a zombie
headquarters.
And he's more convinced
than ever that zombies exist.
He basically pledged to me
that he would kill
every last one of them.
Well, i'm guessing you
didn't tell him.
That he could start with me?
No. I toed the line between
supportive and surprised,
and i offered to help him.
I told him that i would test
the brains. Make sure
they weren't from an animal.
He swore that he wouldn't do
anything until
the results came back,
So that bought some time.
-And with that time...
-I can try to come up
with a plan.
I have to figure out how
to kill blaine before
anyone else gets hurt.
Before major puts himself
in any more danger.
(sighs)
Why are you here and not
carrying astronaut brains?
-I've... (clears throat)
-i'm having a little
trouble understanding you.
(hoarsely) i've been
looking all night.
(sighs) i don't care.
I didn't kill a national hero
for nothing.
Find those brains.
This is an incredibly
bizarre thing to say out loud,
But if you're watching this,
I'm already dead.
I can see that kimber's
shoulder was torn off
while she was still alive,
But the rest of the torso...
It's hard to tell if her skin
was ripped by a zombie
Or if it's just slipping off
due to decomposition.
Poor girl.
This is weird, but
i can't help thinking about
alexa bechenbauer.
Prettiest girl in high school.
I took four years of german
just so i could sit behind her
and smell her hair.
(speaking german)
Can we not talk about
high school right now?
It's hard not to feel like
you've peaked,
When you're doing shots of
two-week old liquefied
Prom queen brains in cold
mexican hot chocolate.
I can only imagine how
awful this must be.
Hopefully, you get an
incredibly helpful vision.
We need to know
if kimber's death
was zombie-related.
I'm just worried that drinking
cheerleader brains isn't
the best course of action,
When i have to try
to figure out how to rid
seattle of blaine.
Unless i plan on
cartwheeling him to death.
You're being judgmental.
Kimber could have been
a very serious girl.
Ooh!
Hope's exercise wheel is here.
You named the cured
zombie rat hope?
And bought her a toy.
Now that she's cured,
i think it's important
that we monitor how she goes
About her day-to-day
activities.
And perhaps i was
concerned she was bored.
Okay, but no rat soulcycle.
If you start lighting candles
and blasting  work bitch,
i'm intervening.
Ravi?
Hope's dead.
How on the nose.
Liv, i'm so sorry.
It's not over.
Our supply of tainted
utopium might be
severely limited,
But there's enough
for another attempt.
Then that's what we'll do.
If you want victory,
do you know what the best
thing to do is?
Try. Like, your hardest.
Okay. I mean,
i was trying very hard.
The worse that things get,
the more amazing it will be
when we turn this around.
We can totally
turn this around.
That's a very
peppy perspective.
I'm a peppy person.
I think maybe cheer brain
has kicked in already.
I'm fairly certain
you've got spirit.
Yes. I do.
Hey, kimber's best friend,
tate, is on her way in
for questioning.
-Feel like sitting in?
-Totes.
Liv!
Be aggressive. B-e aggressive.
Kimber was basically, like,
a big ball of awesome.
I'm not even kidding.
Like, she was the best.
The night kimber went missing,
she was supposed to be
at a youth ministry lock-in,
But she never showed.
Would you happen to know
where she was?
-No.
-Tate.
You totally know.
You were her best friend.
Plus, you're like one of those
girls everyone wants
to spill their guts to.
I have known you for three
seconds and i already
want to tell you everything.
-Really?
-Please.
I just had this,
like, weird thing with an ex,
And i kinda wanna
get froyo with you
and tell you all about it.
I can cut next period.
Look,
I know that you want
to protect kimber,
but you can't.
She is dead.
But what you can do is help
find her killer, and that is
what best friends are for.
(sighs)
Okay. But you have to promise
you won't judge.
I so won't.
The night kimber went missing,
she left me a voicemail.
And i didn't play it
for anyone because it made
her sound bad.
If i play this for you,
You have to promise me
that you will not tell anyone,
okay?
Okay, but we kind of
might tell people.
But only if we like really,
really, really have to.
Whatever, but you cannot
tell her dad.
Oh, i personally am not
gonna tell her dad,
but he may find out.
I just want you to have
all the information,
because you so deserve it.
I, like, so appreciate that.
(rock music playing)
Kimber:  Oh, sorry.
It's loud here.
Taters. Omg.
I bailed on youth ministry.
You've gotta cover for me.
I'm seeing hottie mcbody,
And i'm thinking i may take
that oral exam. I know.
Cray. Okay. Love you muchly.
Who is hottie mcbody?
That's this guy
she started seeing.
She wouldn't even tell me
his name. It was almost like
a friendship-ender.
I'm not even lying.
What's that song
in the background?
Slumber chunder.
It's like when you get
really, really, really drunk
and you puke in your sleep.
You know,
that music sounded live.
Is there a bar
she used to sneak into?
Kimber?
There's no way
she'd be at a bar.
If she had a fake id
i would've totally seen
the picture.
(scoffs) she probably would've
had me curl her hair for it.
Aw. You are being so strong.
(sighs)
I feel really bad for her.
I kinda have a contact sad.
What's with you?
Why are you acting so weird?
I was just trying
to get inside the head
of a teenager.
Don't be so method.
Uh, help yourself.
Oh, i'm googling. Relax.
If they sing slumber chunder
a thousand times,
I'm guessing that's
the name of the song.
Here you go.
The band is called...
The ass hats.
I wonder if they go to...
Hey, taters!
Do you know a band called
the ass hats?
Oh, my god,
they're so totally gross.
They're these burn-out losers
from my high school.
Do you know
where we can find them?
(rock music playing)
Hello, cleveland!
(groans)
I take it you're the ass hats.
I've got a couple
of questions for you.
(exhales)
What was your relationship
with kimber cooper?
Well, sometimes at cheer camp,
we braid each other's hair
And talk about
how many calories we ate.
What our drummer is trying
to say is that we didn't
exactly hang out
In the same social circles.
Yeah, i'm not the type
who falls into the splits
Every time some jock gets
a ball in the right place.
Um, cheerleading is a sport.
Fyi.
-What?
-(scoffs)
-So, you didn't hang out
with kimber, but you knew her?
-Everyone knew her.
Whether they wanted to or not.
Where were you the night
she went missing?
-We were here all night,
rehearsing.
-We were rehearsing all night.
Here, all night rehearsing.
And what night was that?
The night kimber cooper
went missing.
The date?
It was definitely a friday.
Right?
So, you know you were
rehearsing all night,
But you don't remember
the exact night it was?
No. Look, sorry i can't
account for the whereabouts
of every cheerleader
-We went to school with.
-'cause being snarky helps.
Stop screwing around.
Turn the headlights back on.
That seat belt really
makes your boobs pop, babe.
(gasps)
Will you chill out?
I didn't want to say this
in front of all three of them,
but i had a vision
Of kimber in a car
with the band.
Not only was she friendly
with them, but she was fooling
around with nate.
Really?
High school girls
make weird choices.
I'm gonna try to get a look
at the security footage.
(major clearing throat)
I hate to interrupt
a lovely lady while she
replenishes the meats but, uh,
It's that time again.
Health inspection.
Are you expecting me
to applaud?
Ooh! Safe by a whisker.
Can i ask how many
employees are on site
any particular day?
That's an odd question.
Not if i'm checking to
make sure you have enough
hand-washing stations.
Are you the proprietor?
It's a pop inspection.
You know the drill.
I do. One inspection per year.
And we just had ours, um,
two months ago.
Oh, it's twice per year now.
New policy.
Huh!
And taking photographs
of exit signs?
More new policy?
Uh...
If you've got a problem
with me thoroughly
documenting my inspection,
Then i suggest you
call tina at district.
You know how much
she likes that.
After you.
Oh, my curling iron died.
I'm using yours.
No problem whatsoever.
Your hair looks really cute.
Want me to do the back?
-Uh, okay.
-(giggles)
Today was so weird.
I helped interview
this witness who goes
to my old high school
And it totally sent me
into a time warp.
Ugh, were you flooded with
memories of barrett?
Your high school boyfriend
who wrote you
a three-page note
On why you should lose
your virginity together? Hmm?
I love that you remember
my stories about barrett.
I remember everything.
I would so win
the olivia moore game show
In a second.
Please. I would crush
peyton charles trivia.
Okay.
Who was my best friend
in middle school?
Joanne potts,
until she moved to colorado,
and then you hung out
With the next door
neighbor boy until
puberty made things weird.
And his name was?
-Larry something...
-Gable.
(grunts)
Very good. You know,
it's kind of weird, but ravi
reminds me of him a little.
They're both geeks,
but confident.
It's a nice mix.
How are things going?
With ravi?
Should we talk about this?
Maybe just don't tell me
about sex.
-Oh, cause that's like
all we do.
-Stop.
No, it is.
-Like all the time.
-Ah!
-Banging and banging.
-No, don't!
(both laughing)
Okay, what the hell
is going on here?
We're like pre-pillow fight.
-And we're talking about boys.
-I know, right?
You know, we haven't
been blatantly girlie
in a really long time.
(sighs) it's nice.
We should go
to spin class this week.
Yeah, we should.
Oh, good. You're here.
So, i reviewed
the security footage
from the storage facility.
The night kimber went missing,
Nate's car was parked
at the storage facility
from 6:00 that night
To 7:00 the next morning.
So, the ass hats
weren't lying?
Not so fast.
Five other cars came in
that night.
And this one was
reported stolen.
It was only there
for a few minutes.
What if nate and the girls
showed up in his car first,
Then cameron picked them up
and they all left in the
stolen vehicle?
You are so awesome at this.
Yeah, well,
it's a working theory.
We'll take it back
to the kids, lean on them,
See if anyone slips up.
There's no music, thankfully.
(liv gasps)
O-m-g.
Nate was in the car
with kimber the night
that she was killed.
Possibly by a zombie,
and now nate is dead.
But apparently not
by a zombie.
His skull was caved in,
But from what i could tell,
none of his brains
were removed.
Why would a zombie
leave behind
perfectly edible brains?
Maybe he got interrupted?
Or she.
Girls can do anything.
Yes, please, let's be
politically correct when
speaking of zombies.
I'm just saying...
Full-on zombie mode,
I could've pulled this
skull apart like a pistachio.
We're not sure the first
murderer was a zombie,
but it looks like it.
The second murder appears
to be related, but doesn't
speak to zombie.
There seems to be one way
to find out.
Liv: I'm going in again.
Oh.
I need more hot seeds.
Well, if you're having more...
(squeaking)
Hey, ravi!
You made another zombie rat.
It's not alive. Not alive!
(laughing) sorry. I am feeling
pretty good about myself.
Step one complete.
Now, to cure her.
Only this go around,
i'll decrease the potency.
It was a little too strong
the last time.
Clive: Hello?
Ooh!
What did i tell you about
having a pizza party
without me?
Liv: Wait.
Are there mushrooms on this?
Not a big fan of mushrooms.
The texture...
Don't worry. I'll finish it.
See, i like that.
People are so weird
about sharing food.
I'm glad you're not squeamish.
So, look what we found
on nate's cell phone.
A text from kimber.
"need to talk." dollar sign.
Dollar sign. Dollar sign.
And then she gives
a phone number.
You say, "she,"
but look at the timestamp.
Oh, my god.
This came in a week
after kimber died.
The killer sent this.
Nate called the number the day
he got the message and had
a three-minute conversation.
Of course,
i called the number today,
and it's a dead line.
Maybe nate owed
the killer money?
And failed to pay up, so...
(clicks tongue)
Maybe. I was wondering if you
had a time of death for nate?
Yes. Time of death
approximately 8:30 p.M.
Hmm.
I just finished watching
last night's security footage
from the storage unit.
Cameron's car was caught on
camera, high-tailing it
out of there at 8:37.
Cameron just became
our number one suspect.
Well, what i got here is a
shotgun. This is 12-gauge pump
action with a pistol grip.
This boy will take a
zombie's head...
-Hey.
-Clean off...
Just checking in.
Seeing how you're doing.
I'm great.
Just, uh, doing great.
I wanted to run
something by you.
Uh, it's a bit personal.
Feeling weird about it,
but here goes.
-I'm a little scared
right now.
-Why?
I don't know, but i'm afraid
this ends with me
feeling for lumps
In a place i don't want
to be feeling.
I mean, i'll do it
if it's necessary, but...
No. Nothing lump related.
It's more of
a romantic nature.
Oh. Okay. Got it. Go.
Going away for the weekend
with peyton.
-Was contemplating...
-Gonna stop you.
Sex related questions
might get weird.
Peyton's kind of like
a sister to me, so just, uh...
Look, just don't get specific,
you know?
General areas are okay,
but i don't want to know
any details.
What the hell kind of
questions do people
usually ask you?
Look, i'm going
to san francisco with peyton.
She's a  vertigo freak,
So we're doing a tour
of all the places
where they filmed  vertigo.
Oh, all right. Well played.
Thank you.
I was entertaining the idea
of wearing a retro
jimmy stewart-esque suit,
But was worried
it seemed less...
-Cool.
-And more...
-Trying way too hard.
-Yeah.
Oh, okay. How good
do you look in the suit?
Pretty damn good.
Do it.
-Yeah?
-Definitely.
Thank you.
Now, if you wouldn't mind
feeling around the cobblers
for a bit...
-Get the hell out of here.
-See, why is that the first
place your mind goes to?
Be sure to get yourself
something with plenty
of stopping power.
Don't go less than
a .40 caliber.
That's what this is here.
You look like an orphan
about to ask me
for more gruel.
-(hoarsely) look, boss...
-Please, sir...
I've looked everywhere...
Can you monetize
your excuses and sell them
for a million dollars?
No? Great,
then keep them to yourself
And get back out there
and find me
my astronaut brains.
Go!
I don't need this right now,
you guys.
I'm under enough
stress as it is.
Especially with the
health inspector showing
up twice in as many months.
The health inspector came
back around?
Yeah, you should've
seen this guy.
Came in here looking like
a catalog model.
Was trying to flirt with me.
Thinks i'm going to melt
because he's got blue eyes
and broad shoulders.
Did he have good hair?
What is this bizarre segue
that's happening right now?
Can we maybe stay on point?
I want my brains.
I want my million dollars.
Make it happen.
I knew you'd pick that one.
I'll need a handgun, too.
Something with real
stopping power.
I'll take both of them.
And however many
bullets you've got.
Any need for a grenade?
Hey. Ready for spin?
Um, is that a bong?
Are you high?
You must be. You must be
high if you want to go
to the cops with this.
Do you realize how much
money this is?
Nate: They're gonna
catch us, man!
You are never
going to the cops with this.
Do you understand?
It's not happening, nate.
(gasps)
Whoa, earth to liv.
Sorry for bogarting
your apple...
You've got some weed,
don't you?
Not since 2009, um...
I think i have a couple
edible lollipops from a white
elephant gift like a year ago.
-Sold.
-Really?
Unless you want them?
No. I'm good.
So, i take it, uh,
spin class is not happening?
Yeah. Sorry.
Something just came up.
Okay.
It was like so much
of everything at once,
you know?
Like emotion and drama.
Pointing of fingers.
And people needing
to just chill.
I think you need to be
a bit more clear.
What exactly did you see
in the vision?
Nate was smoking a bong,
doing his deal and he was all,
"the stress is too much."
and cameron was all,
"what's your damage?"
Or something.
And nate was saying that
he wanted to go to the police
And tell them
what had happened and stuff,
And cameron wigged.
He was like,
"that wasn't the deal.
You're not going
to the police.
"think about the money."
blah-blah-blah.
It was super intense.
The money?
Girl: I need to talk to you.
Miss giovanni.
Please, have a seat.
(snickering)
She's totally still standing.
Kimber's dead.
Nate is dead.
And i think
i'm gonna be next.
So, you're telling me
you and your friends stole
a car, ran a man over,
Buried him, and then
he climbed out of the
grave, killed kimber,
And drove away
in the stolen car?
Yes.
And if there's anything
i learned from  i know what you
did last summer, one and two,
It's that me and cameron
are next on the killer's
revenge list.
You saw  i know what you
did last summer 2?
There should be
a third one called,
"seriously,
i'm so not ever forgetting
what you did last summer."
-(chuckling hesitantly)
miss moore.
-I'm kinda right.
I'm not dicking around.
Look, someone out there
is waiting to murder me.
You guys have to do something.
I'm going to make
arrangements to send
an officer home with you.
In the meantime,
i'd like you to work
with a sketch artist.
See if we can identify
this alleged killer.
Oh. No, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no. No.
I know you.
Do you? Do you know me?
Do you recognize the slope
of my alpine-snow-drift nose?
Kind of.
I'm sorry.
I can't work with her.
She is bossy and relentless,
And she has
an overly-developed sense
of self-importance.
(laughs)
I am a graduate
of the federal school
of applied cartooning.
I am not here to be
critiqued by you.
Okay.
We were just leaving.
Come on.
(sighing)
So, did you get anything?
What?
Oh, no. Like a vision?
Yes, like a vision.
I thought that's why you were
spacing in and out like that.
No. Sorry.
You know, teresa could be
lying to protect cameron,
But why come up
with such a crazy story?
A dead man rising
from the grave,
tearing people apart?
Dead man rising
from the grave,
tearing people apart.
Pretty ridiculous.
Yeah.
Man on radio:
Feel the fear
and do it anyway.
"truth number one,
"fear will never go away
as long as i continue to grow.
"truth number two,
"the only way
to get rid of the fear,
"if you want something,
is to go out and do it."
Oh, great.
There.
(sighs) good night.
You were extremely easy.
To work with.
(cell phone vibrating)
(laughing)
(cartoon playing on tv)
Dude, the mouse on this show
is such a ball-buster.
That poor cat, man.
(chuckling) there's just
this thing with, like, cheese
and, there's dynamite.
I mean, how do mouse
get dynamite?
Excuse me, cheech.
I'm afraid i've got
some bad news.
Is there a way that you can
not tell me?
This can't wait.
(sighs)
This is edna timmons, 91.
Brutally murdered.
Not a single bit of brain
left in her skull.
-No way.
-Way.
The police think there
might be a serial killer.
They've given the case
to detective flynn.
Okay. All right.
I need to get it together.
I can't stay on these brains.
I mean, you're telling me that
we have another zombie murder
and...
I'm just thinking about bacon.
I need to drink
some more cheerleader.
Put some pep in my step.
I'm resisting
the urge to yell,
"chug. Chug. Chug. Chug."
(coughs)
That wasn't really resisting.
You almost made mexican hot
cheerleader chocolate
come out of my nose.
Sorry.
(cell phone vibrating)
What? What is it?
Kimber was killed by a zombie.
Sebastian.
The max rager
enforcer who tried to kill me.
I must've infected him
when we were fighting
on the boat.
I did this.
I made another zombie.
Hello.
Mmm. Whatever you're cooking,
it smells good.
What time do you and ravi
leave...
Oh, my god!
(gasps)
Chili stir-fry medulla
with a little thyme au jus.
What do you think?
-I think you're a dead man.
-(laughs)
Thank you, captain obvious.
Four different kinds of
chili pepper on hand.
I really came to the
right place.
I'm normally not that much
of a cook, but...
I seemed to have picked up
a few things from my
aunt edna.
Guess what i had
for lunch yesterday?
I'm thinking aunt edna.
That woman practically
raised me!
(snickering) she thought
i had potential!
So, yesterday,
She slices her head open
on the freezer door
and asks me to bandage it.
And i'm there,
with the bandage...
And there's blood...
And i'm just so hungry.
I couldn't stop myself.
Funny.
I've never eaten anyone
i didn't want to eat.
You did this to me!
(grunts)
(yelps)
(snarling)
(groans)
(screaming)
Peyton: Liv.
(gasping and panting)
Don't!
What are you?
I'm...
You're barely bleeding.
How are you not dead?
I'm not gonna hurt you.
I would never hurt you.
(stammering) you killed him.
You stabbed him
through the head.
And your eyes. What...
What happened to your eyes?
I'm just going to tell you.
I'm just...
I'm going to tell you
and trust that you know
i am still me.
The night of the boat party,
i got scratched.
And that's why i broke up
with major and it's...
Why i got a job at the morgue,
So that i could get brains.
Because that is what i have
to eat to stay me.
Or this version of me.
There are zombies
in the world, peyton.
And i'm one of them.
I'm gonna to get you
some peroxide.
Peyton?
(ravi sighs)
He matches teresa's sketch.
He killed kimber and nate.
His aunt.
He tried to kill you twice.
You did the right thing.
Do not feel any remorse.
If that was your body
we were zipping up,
that would be the tragedy.
I'll go call teresa's detail.
Let them know we got our guy.
(ravi sighs)
You okay?
Peyton was here.
What?
I told her everything.
She saw me go full-on zombie.
She saw me kill sebastian.
She looked at me like i was...
She got out of here
as fast as she could.
We're supposed to leave
for san francisco tonight.
I'll call when i find her.
Everything is going
to work itself out.
She loves you.
Cameron?
I got something to show you,
boss.
It better be the recovered
brains of alan york.
Next best thing.
Well, what do we have here?
This is the guy that broke
into my car and was asking
around about brains.
The guy that was snooping
around the skate park.
The guy who knows too much.
I guarantee this is the guy
who took our astronaut brains.
So far, he isn't talking.
So far.
If you'll excuse me
for a moment, inspector.
Hey, uh, my mom picked
this application up for me
a couple weeks ago.
Wondering if you guys
were still hiring.
Now's not a good time.
Okay. Can i just leave this
here with you then, so i can
tell my mom that i did?
(sighs) why not?
Thanks.
Your emergency contact.
Olivia moore.
Is that the same olivia moore
that works at the morgue?
Yeah. Yeah, she's my sister.
-You know her?
-Not well.
You know what?
Now that i think of it,
I have a position
open that you'd be
just perfect for.
How soon would you
be able to start?
(panting)
(dial tone ringing)
(phone ringing)
Operator:  9-1-1,
what's your emergency?
Hello?